c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.pdb
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\obj\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.dll
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\obj\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.pdb
c:\users\leodeveloper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookingTek\BookingTek.Tests\obj\Debug\BookingTek.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
